you
[Music]
so you use the Internet
I mean of course you do or else you
wouldn't be watching this you type you
click be sir
you watch you listen and it all seems
like everything's gonna be all right but
imagine a search charm of all things
that isn't alright imagine something
that's so bizarre and so enigmatic that
is caused otherwise ordinary people to
vanish from the internet without a trace
ladies and gentlemen this is the story
of iran-us
a 4chan conspiracy
[Music]
it was 2015 on 4chan an anon would make
a question thread inquiring on others
paranormal or bizarre experiences at
work the replies promptly rolled in but
for some strange reason one would stand
out among the rest about a week after
the original post on November 26th
another anon would pop in to make a
reply outlining an experience that one
of their friends had while working a box
pecking job for a programming company at
126 a.m. this was posted okay just a
heads up I'm only 20 and have only ever
worked retail jobs my whole life
if I get terminology wrong it's not
because I'm bullshitting it's because
most of what she described is out of my
frame of reference I'll be honest she's
a super interesting chick during this
period she was homeless and in a band
her agency gave her a job at this place
I was closing down all their locations
in the country and basically it was well
known that they were shady and generally
treated their employees like cattle like
they were in the process of cutting down
all their full-timers to [__] hours or
placing them with temps and having the
temps do the exact same work for like 10
bucks an hour everything was really
disorganized by this points and
different departments were scattered
everywhere
and they were just getting everyone to
do whatever work they could give them
before they'd fire them they had a
programming department that made payroll
programs for other companies or
something along those lines but by the
time she got there it was literally just
one dude and they were giving him random
jobs to do like working assembly lines
and running forklifts they put her in
this dude in a room gave him a couple
tape guns and had them pack stuff in
boxes most of the stuff there had names
of their respective departments written
on them in sharpie
but her said errata sonnets or however
it's spelled the do told her to get rid
of the tape gun and not to mention it to
any supervisors since apparently one of
the jobs years before have been
code to flag any employee that search
for it in their computer system not any
old word just that one and they'd fire
you if he got flagged weird [__] seems
like this could be a simple one-off
situation right well not quite
about a month later on the night of
December 19th
another UNAM would visit the site
inquiring on something eerily familiar
to the story that we just heard at 8:30
p.m. they asked if anyone here have any
IT jobs on the east coast between 2000
and 2010 or so I asked because a few
people I know from that time and area
have talked about some sort of sketchy
HR related program called a rata s-- and
I'm wondering if I could find any info
about it not strictly paranormal related
but disturbing and I believe I saw
someone on X mention it before so if
that anon is here please post
contrary to the initial thread this one
actually did pick up direct attention
with people throwing info at the opie
about an hour after this post went live
someone jumped in explaining that quote
from what I understand it was something
that allowed some specific third-party
company unconditional access to employee
information
employees who included it in their
search terms or asked about it would get
fired or placed in non computer
departments I believe UPS Unilever and
Ecolab or part of the system if what
this anon is saying is true combined
with our prior knowledge on the
situation so far we have this elusive
omnipotent entity by the name of errata
this errata Stang was hardly ever if at
all mentioned prior to December of 2015
the girl that initially mentioned this
was in a band and working for a
programming company this has obscure
mid-2000s times to the HR departments of
various large corporations and if anyone
goes as far as to even look it up at
work they're fired no questions asked
now some might hypothesize that this
could be some sort of virus or Trojan
horse that strictly banned from any
company computers and to be honest this
would make sense
they tend to be taboo topics to dig into
on a work computer they're known for
stealing your info in one way or another
and are typically a large corporations
worst nightmare
it one Trojan horse onto your company
network and say goodbye to days even
weeks worth the productivity time as
it's being repaired anyway this is just
one small Theory off the top what about
that box though what about ope where
exactly does this mystery go from here
fast forward another month and we're now
in 2016 in a share thread on the music
board yet another anon would make a
reply with an obscure reference to Arad
US this time though it wasn't a direct
mention of it but rather a song by a
band named the KFC murder chicks now get
this the video that they linked took you
not to their personal band accounts but
to that of a man by the name of Todd
Ellsworth here we're able to notice a
bizarre video about a forklift an album
by a so called
DJ Roswell and yet another by a band
named the KFC murder chicks
now about their music
[Music]
yeah it's something other than that
there's really no cause for concern here
until you read the description of the
murdered chicks video a really good coma
records release that seems to have
disappeared from the Internet's
remember to support the artist mirada's
or rusts interesting according to
archives this initially read the rawness
or bust but was subsequently changed why
would this guy include this here notice
how this video was uploaded on November
21st of 2015 before any mention of
virata's ever came to light it's
exceptionally out of place so what are
we missing here
you
[Music]
as next Boat Illustrated there was
enough information available to spark an
interest in aratus but not enough to
form any concrete leads the snippets of
evidence for an algorithmic anomaly as
many were beginning to theorize were
tenuous and circumstantial but this was
only the beginning and the first of many
new discoveries would come only a few
months after the posting of the original
threads in January of 2016 a thread was
created on Fortune's music board by an
anon looking to pioneer a new music
genre which they referred to as deep
Internet the mission statement of deep
Internet was to create quote a sub-genre
of noise found sounds and musique
concrte using super obscure short
and/or low quality YouTube videos
issuing traditional notions of
musicality the original poster added the
criteria that source videos must have
fewer than 20 views the idea was met
with enthusiasm with many users eager to
participate but once participants began
watching this list of example videos the
original poster provided a portion of
the discussion quickly pivoted to a
specific upload the first video was
simply a commercial for a small-town
electronic store nothing exciting the
second link however was to a video
entitled youtube is monitoring and
controlling my life by a channel named
Chronos for life Jurassic Park one of
the first things you'll notice about
this video is the incredibly poor visual
quality which granted was part of the
criteria for the deep Internet music
genre but this wasn't what caught the
attention of the music board the text a
superimposed over images of the film
Jurassic Park seemed to accuse YouTube
of conspiring against the uploader and
their mother although it's often too
blurry and illegible to read this a non
provided a transcript as the text
explains Chronos for life's mother used
to make videos tributing her favorite
film franchise Jurassic Park but once
she passed away you to begin removing
said videos when taking into account the
paranoia Kronos for life felt toward
YouTube it's possible the poor quality
of this video was an attempt to disguise
the
next making it difficult for the alleged
algorithm to detect and although this
was an interesting video with many eager
to watch and discuss it was easily
explained by mental illness perhaps born
out of a grief for the passing of a
loved one however only three hours after
the posting of the original thread on
the music board Kronos for life uploaded
this video the description of this video
reads this video is mainly a test to see
if it gets deleted first time really
trying to see the limits of the errata
algorithm if it Flags this one that's
some spooky [__] although the majority
of the deep Internet thread continued
mining YouTube for obscure videos under
20 views with which to make music
discussion splintered off with many
eager to continue down the errata Slavit
whole a new thread was created dedicated
to this investigation and it was here
that a nonce began to search for
previous mentions of the term arose
naturally they discovered the post on
the paranormal board made the previous
November with the original poster being
threatened into silence regarding the
mysterious word written on the tape gun
they discovered the threads regarding
the human resources program and the
liner AUTOSAR bust in the description of
the KFC murder chicks music video as
next bow previously mentioned but the
connection between these clues ranged
from thin to non-existent what did a
tape gun hypothetical Human Resources
software a youtube channel dedicated to
Jurassic Park tribute videos and a punk
band all have in common
it was clear that there was still a lot
of work to do before things would begin
making sense
luckily for sleuths Chronos for life
appeared to be actively following the
4chan investigation uploading videos in
response to view spikes and providing
further clues it was safe to say there
was more to be uncovered with this
channel and at least for the time being
it was the most promising area to focus
investigative efforts it wasn't long
before users discovered a secret at the
end of a video entitled Jurassic Park 3
tribute amidst a lo-fi rendition of a
popular R&B song the trademark beeps of
Morse code could be heard although the
translation Hollywood astral projection
clinic provided no concrete answers and
only seemed to further complicate the
mystery one important discovery was made
the date of the upload November 21st
2015 just 5 days prior to the first
dimension of errata song the paranormal
board things were beginning to connect
Alby --it loosely answer still seemed
far away but some of the distinct
markings of either an Arg or
behind-the-scenes puppeteering provided
incentive to keep going to see where
this all might lead and it wouldn't be
long until the next breakthrough days
later on January 27th Chronos for life
uploaded a video entitled answering
questions in which they responded to
many of the comments in their previous
videos the video opens with the
following text I've been fairly
reluctant to ask anyone for help since
the nature of classic paranoid nutjob
ramblings algorithms controlling things
behind the scenes weird stuff in that
vein in the past couple years I've asked
for help from friends and programming
and business circles but over time
friendships fade people stop talking to
you as such I'm very grateful for the
help people are giving and I'll try to
answer as many questions as I can here
the first and arguably most pressing
question Kronos answered was posed in
the here goes nothing video comments by
user cork top who asked so with this
video are you essentially trying to see
if the system called errata swill
attempt to take down the video because
it's some
algorithm that takes videos down that I
don't know include the term errata sin
them Cronus's response I don't know much
about programming or computer systems so
I'm not too savvy about how to trick
them all I really know about errata is
that it's used by dozens of companies
they seem to use it as a copyright
enforcement tool but it has its
limitations and I'm fairly sure that my
test video helped ferret those out
maybe Chronos went on to cite
manufacturing companies 3m and Unilever
as those who employed this algorithm
although to what ins they use serratus
was not yet clear but this at least
seemed to explain what the word meant
aurorus was ostensibly a copyright
software meant to locate and flag usages
of certain words and phrases and this
all seems standard and innocent enough
so why were people so afraid of it
toward the end of the video Chronos
offered this unprompted tangent which on
the surface didn't seem to hold any
meaning but would be an important clue
in getting closer to who was behind this
budding mystery the original Jurassic
Park trilogy is excellent by the way I
highly recommend it
this second film is my favorite in spite
of its flaws although it was common
knowledge that Chronos and his late
mother were obsessed with Jurassic Park
this aside still drew attention to
itself due to how random it was in the
context of the video it seemed to
warrant attention while sleuths were
investigating that lead another exciting
revelation was being made elsewhere on
the Kronos for Life Channel turning on
automatic captions for the video titled
here goes nothing yielded two important
discoveries the line overthrow the
government and an address for a location
in Corbin Kentucky it's important to
note that automatic captions aren't
created by youtubers but are merely a
product of speech recognition causing
many to wonder how these two lines of
text ended up in the captions and to
further add to the mystery once these
two Clues were discovered the subtitles
no longer featured them and despite this
added layer of complexity investigations
chose to at least momentarily focus on
the clues presented Corbin Kentucky
what did Corbin Kentucky have to do with
Arata
korban is a small town whose claim to
fame is boasting the original location
of Kentucky Fried Chicken connecting
Chronos for life to the noise rock band
KFC murder chicks and consulting their
Bandcamp page users found their hometown
listed as you guessed it Corbin Kentucky
as if to further reinforce this
revelation the freeze the lost world was
discovered to be an anagram of the name
Todd Ellsworth as you'll remember next
book pointing out Todd Ellsworth is the
individual promoting the band's music
videos links between clues were being
formed and connections made the path
forward at least for now seemed to have
a clear direction but one persistent
question remained if a road us was
simply a copyright detection software
used by various companies why the
paranoia why the secrecy why the cryptic
clues and just where was this all
leading
[Music]
KFC murder chicks for some reason there
are too many ties here to just discount
the numerous references as some sort of
coincidence
January 26th another thread was made on
the music board of 4chan this time
digging into the errata sand a KFC
murder chick situation
a day later one anon jumped in with the
reply explaining that they noticed in
the description it says aratus or bust
and that he was going to ask him what
that meant
oddly soon after it was changed to
errata sore rusts like we mentioned
earlier the reason behind this change is
currently unclear although stemming from
this was a lead the phrase in actuality
is also the handle of a twitter accounts
run by Todd himself
heading over there brings to light an
entirely new arc of information into
this bizarre mystery this account was
opened on November 14th 2015 just seven
days before the murder chicks upload on
the Todd Ellsworth YouTube channel the
first post on this profile was an Erie
police sketch of a 2005 Hawaiian rape
suspects and the second was a tweet
about the US Postal Service being quotes
the deepest part of the Deep Web during
this time simultaneously the KFC murder
chicks had on their tumblr page made a
very bizarre post outlining their
reluctance on shipping physical copies
of their CDs due to their lack of trust
and what they referred to as a creepy
postal service subsequently screen caps
were taken from the ask me anything
portion on their page and this is where
the mystery albeit loosely would begin
to converge and reference to the postal
service remark one user asked
what about the post office gives you the
creeps I've used it a couple of years
now and they seem to be just fine
just curious their response this is
probably a controversial view but
there's a lot to suggest that they're
tied in with a lot of the government's
more unsavory activities spying
profiling general disregard for
constitutional rights all that fun stuff
lots of stuff sent to us and an ornate
amount really has never made it and vice
versa not to say I'm in favor of the way
they got [__] over by the FedEx and
UPS lobbies either though now normally
I'd write this off as a simple hot take
on the post office but considering the
timing here especially in relation to
the Todd Ellsworth tweets things were
becoming suspect and so more questions
rolled in what do you know about errata
s-- like magic ukiyo-e radha's we don't
know what a rata siz please stop
messaging us about it it's getting weird
and another hey big fan of your music
quick question though you posted a link
to your album cortex rampage I got to
give it a listen before it disappeared
and on the track get [__] straight you
mentioned a man named Todd Ellsworth who
is he
Thanks
to which they responded he's fine
don't worry about it this isn't lining
up here they claim that they know
absolutely nothing about Hirata's but
also go forth to say that's a name of
the one person that's repeatedly been
dropping hints about exactly that is
doing fine noted in one last example yet
another question rolled in that acquired
on the band's favorite types of movies
in which they responded with the
connoisseur series this ended up
sparking even more interest since as we
can recall Chronos for life was an avid
fan of the series that karna swore was
accused of ripping off Jurassic Park a
bit odd considering the circumstances up
to this points but another time to
aratus nonetheless
you
[Music]
before we begin it is important to
understand some things this may be
something serious that involves the
hiring and firing practices of some
corporations it may just be an alternate
reality game or simply a series of
coincidences strung together by whatever
algorithms were involved this is an
ongoing community driven investigation
and therefore its validity is up to the
viewer
things went dark for a while in March of
that year a well-respected export
youtuber by the name of Xer herb and
caught wind of the serratus thing and
much like we are today decided to do
some digging of their own having
uploaded multiple videos over the topic
it appeared that XAR was making some
solid progress on this entire mystery
documenting their findings in real-time
this subsequently would result in an odd
turn of events though as in late May XAR
would disappear from the Internet's for
good no YouTube no Twitter no tumblr no
online presence zip nada gone and people
lost it considering the timing hair
combined with his recent and relentless
coverage of this bizarre mystery people
had begun to speculate that this was
potentially the work of the errata Santa
T itself but wasn't interesting laying a
few days before the sudden disappearance
people on 4chan began to speculate that
XAR were the ones behind this entire
mystery altogether arguing that one of
the websites that they showed in their
video was one that contained a lost KFC
murder chicks album while a solid
postulation this was eventually found to
have been discussed on 4chan a few days
prior so that theory I'll be an
understandable was debunked as of
writing only one of their Radha's videos
and another over a different mystery
seemed to have been archived
since their disappearance the only real
coverage about this was by user named
toxicologist in this upload they
discussed the odd termination of the
accounts leading some to believe that
toxicologist is actually XOR himself
makes sense however only one of their
videos covers this and that's it
implying that this person is being
genuine here nonetheless definitively
proving that these two accounts aren't
one in the same is nothing short of
impossible
so we're merely going off speculation
all in all the circumstances surrounding
the export Todd Ellsworth Jurassic Park
Kronos for life
KFC murder checks and XAR herb are
jarring however there's one more
instance that's had an uncanny tie to
this bizarre errata situation
[Music]
so let's take a look
as we saw with YouTube or excerpt
coverage of this topic was potentially
radioactive what happened to exer herb
was he abducted by the errata Illuminati
exer herb had been uploading videos
consistently for nearly a year and the
notion that his coverage of errata food
be as last before performing a deep
scrub of his online presence seemed to a
coincidental and when taking into
account the bizarre way in which Chronos
were life communicated their concerns
censoring the word in the video
description disguising their messages in
lo-fi barely legible text it's
reasonable to assume that those who were
familiar with aratus it to be an
algorithm of eerie sophistication and as
we learned on 4chan shortly following
these new discoveries some of the users
who weren't so careful about openly
discussing Arad us also begin to
disappear as the popularity of the
threads surrounding aratus increased the
more taboo the subject seemed to become
although 4chan is occasionally notorious
for their uncensored and at times
controversial use of free speech it
seemed there was one subject that was
selectively targeted for removal it
happened so often that the term are
rotted was coined in order to describe
this sudden and unexpected disappearance
it became pervasive enough that those
who simply wanted to discuss the ban KFC
murder chicks were paranoid of being
deleted just a thought one a nun posted
should we be backing up these threads
offline just in case I mean if we're
actually investigating this we should be
prepared for the event that it turns out
to be true who knows how deeper autist
goes so now the question remains are
these mysterious censorships compelling
evidence for some kind of omniscient
program which tracks and deletes any
mention of itself
is erotic the Orwellian nightmare many
fear and has it infiltrated the Internet
to such depths that even anonymous forms
are no longer safe havens but as many of
you may be wondering if this were the
case why does a Google search for the
term yield reddit discussions screen
kept images of charts and diagrams and
pages of group attempts to solve this
riddle
when these posts also have been eroded
given all that we know about this
mystery let's take a look at some of the
leading theory surrounding aratus and
maybe we can determine what doesn't fit
the evidence and what rings true
[Music]
now even with all the chaos that ensued
in the realm of 4chan surrounding this
strange mystery
it's very surprisingly had flown under
the mainstream radar
it seemed that after the four champion
dilemma mentions a virata's or even ex
her herb and the murder chicks for that
matter seemed to fade into the back
burner of internet history so what
really is it that we're dealing with for
me personally a few things have stood
out here that I can't seem to shake
first starters we need to clear the air
on something
Todd Ellsworth is our key here there are
far far too many bits of evidence that
surround this guy and it seems as if
he's the centerpiece of this entire
online mystery because of this I believe
that we need not brute force our way
into finding out who is behind a Radice
but rather the true identity behind our
mysterious mr. Ellsworth I find it
incredibly interesting that just a few
days prior to the first ever mentions of
virata's Todd Ellsworth had launched his
Twitter profile more bizarrely
on his YouTube channel exists a full
album upload from the KFC murder chicks
and that one other person named DJ
Roswell more on them later anyway this
has led me to the assumption that
possibly this band has more to do with
this than we think really think about it
KFC murder chicks album is on this
YouTube channel in the description of
said video we see a bizarre phrase that
states a rawness or bust
also back on Todd's Twitter page he
mentions distrust in the postal system
and heading over to the KFC murder
chicks tumblr page they claimed the
exact same thing
furthermore the band claims that their
favorite movies are the connoisseur
series which was widely regarded as a
ripoff of the Jurassic Park series being
a direct tie to Chronos for life
someone who planned that they were being
targeted by Arad us and lastly the nail
in the coffin their tumblr replying
about Todd Ellsworth when directly
confronted about his inclusion in their
song and their thoughts on this illusive
person they flat out states he's fine
don't worry about it to me far too much
points us back to this strange band far
too much to discount all of this has
some sort of coincidence and to absolve
them from any sort of involvement here
I'm led to the belief that the original
mentions of this errata sting was
fabricated by the murder chicks
themselves or at least someone involved
with them just prior to this they set up
the accounts got all their ducks in a
row
and proceeded a strange fortune along
down this incredibly bizarre rabbit Hall
any time the mystery seemed to go dead
or stall so to speak I believe is when
they jumped back onto the sites to bring
it up again
further directing attention to these
posts and various accounts but who
actually was it
now this has been the subject of debates
for much of the export of 4chan since
the entire thing actually began but
above all else one name has been the
most prominent remember that other video
on Todd's accounts the one with that
other music album that we didn't touch
on much it was made by a DJ Roswell
atrocity guide had actually found a
solid amount of information on this guy
and apparently he frequents the
paranormal board a lot as a matter of
fact in 2014 he used his alias to make a
post explaining that he's going to start
a noise rock band called the KFC
tortured chicks further on that year he
made a thread asking if anyone would buy
a certain toy that went pretty viral
back then if we can recall there was
some pretty large outrage over a
children's toy wand that had a
disturbing photo of a girl cutting her
wrists inside of it anyway
what's the significance of this well a
mere two years later we see this picture
again in a thread directly related to
the erotic mystery specifically the one
where we discovered the connection to
Kronos for life
[Music]
speaking of them I wanted to go forward
to make a claim I personally don't
believe Kronos for life was involved in
creating this mystery I'll explain why
lexer herb and Todd Ellsworth acted as
catalysts I believe that the Kronos for
life situation was shoehorned into this
entire situation by roswell himself as a
matter of fact at this point with his
involvement I would have put it past him
to stumble upon this Kronos for life
accounts since going by this image he
was active in discussion regarding
Jurassic Park notice that there's a
random address thrown into the captions
and error and to run with it's matching
it with the alleged address of this
brand-new band at their producer for the
KFC murder chicks
I believe that this entire thing was
fabricated and run not only by the KFC
murder chicks but primarily DJ Roswell
himself according to the paranormal
board of 4chan for instance he loves
being there and numerous jokes have been
made involving the possibility of quotes
every post on axe being made by roswell
now thinking about it this entire
concept isn't anything new either we've
seen plenty of companies and groups use
mysteries and alternate reality games as
some sort of marketing tool Nine Inch
Nails did its Cloverfield gave it a
shots and more recently even stranger
things jumped on the bandwagon it's
surprisingly effective and the darker
side of the Internet's that we're all a
part of absolutely loves eating this
stuff up unfortunately though for
Roswell and the murder chicks it seems
as if it didn't turn out to be quite as
groundbreaking as they thought it would
[Music]
with the lack of any real updates on the
supposed ear audits algorithm since 2016
it seems as if this mystery or arg has
run its full course
what started as a bizarre 4chan story
ended up leading curious minds down a
rabbit hole filled with mysterious
social media accounts and the uncanny
sanitation of multiple YouTube personas
three years later and very ironically if
DJ rose balls goal was to fabricate this
story for some sort of marketing Arg and
I guess due to this video itself it
worked
unfortunately contrary to the stellar
set up the conclusion left much to be
desired being left in the dust as a
failed marketing project that could have
been nonetheless aratus has proven to be
a captivating rabbit Hall appearing to
have ended the careers of various
YouTube channels I guess the only real
way to figure out if this thing was real
or not is to wait and see if my video or
channel gets taken down and if so then
well it's been a fun ride guys back to
the drawing board thank you so much for
joining atrocity gaiden I in this
Halloween special this was something
incredibly experimental and funded again
- and I absolutely implore you to go
check out her channel if you like
mystery videos similar to what I do here
some of what she discovers over there is
insane
and she's immensely deserving of some
praise anyway once again her theories
and conclusions were written separately
from mine so if you want her thoughts on
this to gain another perspective
definitely go check it out at the link
in the description with all of that
being said I hope you've had a fun and
safe Halloween thanks so much once again
for joining us I love you all
and goodnight
[Music]